meeting_id,response,score,reason
meeting_transcript_clean,"In this conversation, it was discussed that there are issues with the customer support assistant regarding response speed, accuracy, and confidence. It was suggested to implement a two-step verification system using GPT-4o as the primary model for quick responses, and Claude as a fallback option when the assistant's confidence is low or detects uncertainty. The team also agreed to explore the use of embedding similarity for measuring response quality and confidence, but be mindful of costs associated with it. Lastly, the UI was proposed to feature fallback messaging when the assistant's confidence is low. Action items include syncing with design on the fallback UX messaging, prioritizing the development of a similarity metric, and setting up a test run for the hybrid model approach. The team will regroup next week to review progress.",4.0,"The response provides a detailed analysis of the issues with the customer support assistant, suggests potential solutions such as implementing a two-step verification system using GPT-4o and Claude, explores the use of embedding similarity for measuring response quality and confidence, and proposes fallback messaging when the assistant's confidence is low. The feedback aligns well with the reference, demonstrating a clear understanding of the problem and offering practical solutions. However, it could benefit from more concise language and a stronger focus on action items."
foundations_first_session,"The meeting discussed local development setup using Docker for an integration product, focusing on containerization and its benefits such as portability and efficient operation. The session included a brief history of shipping containers and their relevance to Docker. The presenter explained how Docker provides an isolated environment for applications and ensures they run consistently across different machines.

The meeting also covered the use of Docker Compose, which manages multiple services in a single YAML file, and the mapping of container ports to host machine ports. Participants were instructed on setting up Docker for their local development environment using IBM cloud and accessing the images from a container registry.

Action Items:
1. Install IBM Cloud CLI and authenticate with the appropriate profile to pull images.
2. Set up a Docker Compose file for managing services in the local development environment.
3. Edit the host file to map URLs to IP addresses, making it easier to access services locally.
4. Use the command `docker compose up -d` to start all services and ensure they are running correctly.
5. Enable or add new features using the admin dashboard in LDS by going to tenants, defining new capabilities, and adding them to the tenant trial plan.
6. To test changes locally, build code, attach to a container directly (for Java-based containers), copy updated files into the container, and restart the container.
7. Use the command `docker compose ps` to check the status of services in the local development environment.",5.0,"The response provides a detailed explanation of local development setup using Docker for an integration product, focusing on containerization and its benefits such as portability and efficient operation. The session includes a brief history of shipping containers and their relevance to Docker, the presenter explaining how Docker provides an isolated environment for applications and ensures they run consistently across different machines. The meeting also covered the use of Docker Compose, which manages multiple services in a single YAML file, and the mapping of container ports to host machine ports. Participants were instructed on setting up Docker for their local development environment using IBM cloud and accessing the images from a container registry. Action items are clearly defined, including installing IBM Cloud CLI, setting up a Docker Compose file, editing the host file, starting services with the command `docker compose up -d`, enabling or adding new features using the admin dashboard in LDS, testing changes locally by building code, attaching to a container directly (for Java-based containers), copying updated files into the container, and restarting the container. The response aligns fully with the reference."
meeting_transcript,"In this meeting, Ethan and Maya discussed issues with the customer support assistant, focusing on response speed, usefulness of answers, and occasional vagueness or inaccuracy. They agreed that these problems are partly due to the current model (GPT-4o) being fast but less reliable, while a slower alternative (Claude 3) provides more accurate responses but has a longer latency.

As a solution, they decided to implement a two-step verification system where the assistant would first provide a quick response using GPT-4o and then invoke Claude 3 if it detects low confidence or uncertainty in its answer. They also discussed the idea of measuring the similarity between the original support ticket and the assistant's summary or answer as a way to detect problematic responses.

Furthermore, they acknowledged that the assistant currently sounds robotic and lacks empathy, so Maya suggested prompt tuning using few-shot learning with anonymized example replies to improve the model's tone. Lastly, they agreed on adding fallback UX messaging when the assistant's confidence is low to avoid providing potentially confusing or frustrating information to customers.

Action items:
1. Maya will prioritize building the similarity metric and set up a test run for the hybrid model approach using GPT-4o and Claude 3 over the next few days.
2. Ethan will sync with design on the fallback UX messaging.
3. Both will regroup next week to review progress and further discussions.",4.0,"The response provides a detailed plan to address issues with the customer support assistant, focusing on response speed, usefulness of answers, and occasional vagueness or inaccuracy. It suggests implementing a two-step verification system where the assistant would first provide a quick response using GPT-4o and then invoke Claude 3 if it detects low confidence or uncertainty in its answer. The plan also includes measuring the similarity between the original support ticket and the assistant's summary or answer as a way to detect problematic responses, improving the model's tone through prompt tuning using few-shot learning with anonymized example replies, and adding fallback UX messaging when the assistant's confidence is low. The response aligns well with the reference in terms of addressing the issues and proposing solutions."
